OK.
OK. I'll just briefly go with
what we are trying to build.
Mm.
So in Rnt we created a simple
script which uses open AI right
now.
OK.
And.
So the script has been created,
we will be going on this like I
will be working on it mostly
though. So basically you just
run the script, you give it a
file, an input file. I don't
know how it's been created. I
have to check and currently we
get two types of files after
this downscale like we can see
it later. Currently this only
supports dot VTT file. That's
because these files are also
lower in size. OK.
OK.
So what we want to do is just.
What this actually does is it
will take the file and create a
good summary. So in many of the
like especially like in tht the
calls go on for a long time and
getting the moms like writing
OK.
the MEMS is taking too much time
like it at least in that project
the call might go from anywhere
between two to five hours or
even 8 hours. So that's a long
time and people should be able
OK.
to write good summaries based on
the transcriptes. So that's the
idea.
So we will create an app so the
front end will be in Angular
back end. We will write in Nest
JS. So are you aware of Nest JS?
OK, so in Sjs and we'll be using
graph QL.
So you don't have to spend too
much time learning it, but you
can see how everything is set
up.
Anyway, what we'll be doing is
just.
Thinking as Mike should be
there.
We'll just build it.
OK, we have few products like
frozen eggs. This already uses
that graph QL code and all
everything is already here. So
ideally if you can just copy it.
Copy whatever we have like
Docker and all Docker. You're
not worry right now that I will
be checking since we also have
the Python script to work on.
OK.
So front end side, we'll just
have two things. So we'll create
a app, so it should be a PWA
like progressive web app. So
we'll work on Angular and we'll
make it a progressive attack so
that it can be used in mobile or
any other system like in as a
desktop app also. And the UI is
simple, we just have a upload
Hmm, OK.
button, a submit button, we
upload the file, we submit it,
we get the ID, maybe it will be
a job ID.
For that particular file.
And we will have one more screen
or maybe we can design how every
point, but I'll call it as one
more screen where we will show
all the jobs for that particular
user. There's no login though,
so whatever jobs are being
shown, we'll store them in local
host like the IDs. We can store
them in local host and we can
fetch the details current status
of that particular job whether
it is still in progress or it
has already been completed. And
we have the file to download.
So that's all we'll do it in the
content in back end, we'll have
OK.
like 1 API to upload the file
and there will be one API to get
the status of the file.
So basically it post and it's
not a post and get API because
OK.
we are using graph QL so in
graph QL everything is a post
API. We have mutation sign
queries so there will be a
mutation. There will be a query,
a query will be to is basically
like a find all and mutation is
for uploading the file. So right
now what I'm thinking is we will
be storing the details of the
files.
And the jobs in the database. So
we'll just have one table.
With nothing else, just the job,
job ID, and then we will be
M.
running it. This this is just to
keep record because we won't. We
cannot synthesise a script right
with users open AI. We cannot
run a lot of it parallelly. So
right now we'll just keep it in
queue and run it 1 by 1 all the
jobs.
No matter how many I'll see if
this script can handle.
And maybe even if it is more
than one, that should be good.
We'll see how much it can
handle, but the initial idea is
it will only take one and then
it will process and others have
to wait. So that's why we have
the screen to check the status,
maybe in front end they can pull
the status or if needed we can
just provide a refresh button
and they will refresh and check
it. It depends how we want to do
it and.
So the main thing for back end
is apart from uploading and
fetching the details is of
course we will have a endpoint
erst API endpoint to download
the file. So it will be a image
link, not a file markdown file
output format. So we'll provide
that link and the files will be
stay stored in the server
itself. I'll see if it will
store it in OK non it. We'll
store it in server itself. That
should be fine and the main
thing here is we have to see in
SGS what it will be provided.
In SGS we already have queues,
so let's check.
Queue and jobs are already there
and we also have schedules for
it so we can run a service every
second so and then in the queue,
maybe in the queue we can pick
that. Ideally we should just use
the queue, so we'll keep on
pushing everything in queue and
it will keep fetching whichever
day needs to be fetched and then
it will process it and if the
script is running so there will
be one more script which will
basically.
Run the Python script. It will
call the Python script and it
needs to make sure that it has a
value.
That it knows that the script is
ending, so it should not
continue. It should wait for the
next run, which is obviously in
another second, but it should
wait until the first job is
finished. After that it will
again trigger the job with the
next ID. So these two things are
important. So one is setting up
OK.
the queue. This is also done.
This is very simple. Setting up
the queue also, but new thing
will be how to run the Python
script from.
In sjs.
OK.
And that's why we might need to
update this script so that it
saves the file for next this
back end instead of saving it in
its own folder. That is very
simple, so that shouldn't be an
issue, but that is one thing.
For now, what we can start is.
This there's not much to start
so I have created some tasks not
able to start but I think most
important task some I will
create if it is not done yet.
And.
Can add one more task for now,
so I'll provide you a folder.
Maybe there you can create a
architecture diagram for that
for this whole process. OK today
you can do that. Maybe create a
OK.
architecture diagram and OK you
can spend some time on.
See. See what you can use to run
the script. The Python script or
how you can achieve that. You
can spend time on that also.
That task is already there, or
if needed, or maybe you can work
on writing the APS like you can
set up the base codes and all
that would be better, yeah.
Mm hmm. OK.
Leave that later. For now, we
can set up the base code for
next year's end. All that would
be better.
And.
I guess that should be enough
for today. I'll update you with
more details with data. Any
though that things must be
simple I guess you should be
able to know that if you if
Yeah.
needed. Can I check these
details? Also have added some
details, maybe some are
outdated, I'm not sure but it's
pretty simple. You just have a
UI to upload file and then get a
markdown file download link and
back end. We have two main APIs,
graph QL APIs 1 to upload the
file, 1 to fetch the details.
And details of all the IDs which
we provided to it and one API
will be the download link then
that will be a rest link rest
API link and actually the rest
API link we will be storing it
in database itself that should
be fine to store it in database.
It would be easier in the fetch
and yeah other thing is in back
end one is adding the queue and
a service which runs frequently
like in every second and a
service which will.
Call the API and not API the
Python script and let us know
that the file has been generated
and this service should be
blocked like when this service
is running other jobs from the
queue should be stopped. So the
way it works is like let me show
you.
So OK, you can probably check it
from here itself. Let's see.
OK, maybe there's no separate
page. You might have to check it
from here only, but there there
is something called a consumer
and they.
Reducer.
So we use that to like you can
see here, right, there's a
consumer and this will process
it and there is there will be
producer in this code you can
check it properly so you can see
we have these many consumers and
there is one producer. So this
will create the queue.
So since we have different
services here.
Right now we only have one that
is the Python script. Here we
have multiple, so we created a
reducer and it will push the job
Mm hmm.
to that particular queue and
these consumers they will keep
OK.
on checking. OK, there is a job
for us to work on right now, so
it will bug. It will pick that
and then it will process
whatever the logic is for this
particular consumer. Same with
others. So in our case we just
have one producer, one consumer,
that's all.
We actually may not even be
needing this, but it's better to
OK.
do it like this in case we make
any updates later.
And yeah, one more thing. For
database we'll be using type
ORM, so even that you can just
copy from here. So we will
create a type ORM database and
like in Mario DB, so everything
which we do we'll use Mario DB
for that the opens US Mario DB
we just need 1 module and I
guess only one migration file is
OK.
enough since we only have one
table.
Yeah.
OK.
OK, later I will update other
things for today. What you can
do is just work on creating the
architecture diagram and.
OK.
Just create the database design.
There's only one table, but you
can create. You can think of all
tables to add so few things you
need to add like status, generic
things like status updated on
created on those things will be
added. Other fields you can
OK.
think of based on your logic. I
will review them and make any
changes. Ask for making any
changes.
After that, if you have time you
can, I guess. Let me see there
one more documentation. OK, if
you are not aware of graph QL
you can maybe set this up and
check its playground. So you can
if you have Docker you can
directly run it through Docker.
So just run this very bit.
Yeah, this one API for that. So
you can run the API folder and
then just follow the readme
document. Just I need to run the
API folder, run the migrations
and then start the Docker. When
Mm.
you do that, you should be able
to like go through this
playground that there will be a
slash playground like this. Not
exactly something like this will
happen. Maybe like this you'll
have it whatever port it is. So
there you should be able to see
how it works.
The graphs you will see all the
schema and all there so.
But just check how graph QL
works initially and then once
OK.
you have done that, you should
be able to update the like
update the document with the
APIs also.
Just the way that update,
because later you might be
updating it, just add that these
are the three APIs like the one
is the mutation to upload the
file, one is the query to fetch
the details and one thing is
like when fetching we won't be
fetching just by ID. Most code
is already returned actually. So
for example if you check this
one and see where it is.
So I see.
So this is something I have
created already for fetching so.
So I had created so that
everyone can copy paste this one
directly. So here if you see I
have created the code which in
which actually this needs to be
updated. Can this is for that so
this can be updated later.
Maybe so in this what we can do
is we can do a lot of things in
the find query.
Let me see if I can find an
example also.
OK.
Keep this coming up this one.
You can do with the. I'll see if
I can find it. If not, you can
always check the collection
here. In this we have also added
No.
the.
Collection for postman. I don't
know if they have updated it or
not. Ideally they should have
but here you should be able to
see some of the example of it
and see if I can find it. That's
probably not added for all the
example in the PR I had added.
I'll see if I can find the PR
for the node here that's right.
So there you can see the
example. So basically this.
Find like here you can do
search, pagination and use these
operators.
OK so.
I'm sorting, I guess. Yeah. So
these all things we can do
directly with this code?
So basically in our use case, we
will have an array of IDs like
Job IDs for which we want to
fetch the details from database.
So we'll see what the details
are. Can't be and then fetch it
like if it has a download link
already present, then the
download button will be provided
like that.
It's something like that. We'll
just think of the design later
in.
So we can check this code if you
want, but how to to see how the
graph will works?
Just go to playground. You can
just look around it and check
off your bag samples.
Yeah. OK.
OK, for now, I guess that's
enough later. We'll see what to
do.
OK. Anything else?
OK, then I'll assign. Are you
currently working?
And.
Sorry.
Are you are you currently
working in some other project or
just this is building?
Yeah, yeah, I'm working in like
PG M in CRM. So yeah, I have a
like like incomplete task like
pending in it. But yeah, I'll
manage. Like, I'll work on this
then work on that task later.
OK.
No, no. That will always take
priority. What are the client
projective that will take
priority. So this will be second
priority. What will we do here?
So client projects will always
OK.
be the first priority. So you
must have to finish that one.
Maybe I'll create like assign
you the task. You can just check
OK, sure.
it out.
Hmm. OK. And also give me the
access for the triple for osmix.
OK.
You it's in open source. This is
in your office it up. So when
It's OK. Mm hmm.
everything here is open source.
Even the Python script is there
only if you. If you have open
API key you can test it out if
needed, that's not needed.
Like you just need to verify if
how to run this script so you
OK.
can do some dummy thing instead
of open. Yeah, OK, just return
it there dummy data and then you
can see how to.
Like call it and use it in SGS
if you want that will come later
anyway, so we can leave it for
now, but if you do want to test
the script you can just open
from here only it's present in
open source.
OK.
OK. Anything else?
OK.
OK. Then we can we start off?
Yeah. OK. Thanks. Bye.